cephadm: support for CA signed keys (#51899)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephadm/host-management.rst

   manually distributed to the mgr data directory
   (``/var/lib/ceph/<cluster-fsid>/mgr.<id>`` on the host, visible at
   ``/var/lib/ceph/mgr/ceph-<id>`` from inside the container).

Setting up CA signed keys for the cluster
-----------------------------------------

Cephadm also supports using CA signed keys for SSH authentication
across cluster nodes. In this setup, instead of needing a private
key and public key, we instead need a private key and certificate
created by signing that private key with a CA key. For more info
on setting up nodes for authentication using a CA signed key, see
:ref:`cephadm-bootstrap-ca-signed-keys`. Once you have your private

> key and signed cert, they can setup for cephadm to use by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
key and signed cert, they can be set up for cephadm to use by running:
```
